Get tests passing (#584)
ReproNim/reproman: README.md

# Installation

TODO(asmacdo) Set up sphinx substitution

> ReproMan requires Python 3 (>= |MinPython|).

Author: Already changed in latest

## Dependencies

> Python 3.7+ **with .h extensions** This is provided by `python-dev` on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python 3.8+ **with header files** possibly needed to build some extensions without wheels. They are provided by `python3-dev` on
```
